What is Inheritance in Object Oriented programming?

Inheritance is the ability of an object that has the capability to Inherit properties and behaviour's from 
one class to another class. In java the class that acquires the properties and behaviour's of another class
is called a sub-class or child class. And the class from which the properties and behaviour's are acquired
is called a super class or parent class.

Example: class Animal {
	String name;
	void eat(){
		System.out.println("Animal is Eating");
	}
}

class Tiger extends Animal {
	String name;
	void eat(){
		System.out.println("Tiger is eating");
	}
}

This is how we inherit the properties of and behaviour's from a class i.e we use extends keyword followed 
by the super class.

Types of Inheritance:

1. Single Inheritance: In this types of inheritance there will always be only one parent class or super class
and exactly one sub class or child class.

2. Multi-level Inheritance: In this type of inheritance there will be be one parent class, a child class 
inheriting the properties and behaviour's of the parent class and at the same time this child class will act
as a parent class for another child class.

3. Hierarchical Inheritance: In this type of inheritance there will be one parent class and multiple child 
classes that inherits the same parent class.

4. Hybrid Inheritance: In this type of inheritance there will be a mix of two or more type of inheritance
(single, multi-level or hierarchical).



Generally these are the main types of inheritance that is used . There are other types also like multiple 
inheritance and  cyclical inheritance.

What is multiple Inheritance? ->> When there are multiple parent class and a single child class inherits
the properties and behaviours from multiple parent class it is termed as multiple inhertance.

Multiple inheritance is not possible to acquire in java using classes.
	It is so because every class that we code has a built in class in java that is Object.class library. And 
	every time we create a class it will automatically become a subclass of the built-in class. It creates 
	a shape like diamond. So multiple inheritance is not possible because of the diamond problem.
	
					A
				   / \
				  B   C
				   \ /
				    D
	B and C are parent classes that inherits from the built-in class Objects.class
	D is the subclass that is inheriting from B and C
	Which is not allowed in java using classes.